hello everyone and welcome to loeb a
steevy spades me it's vladimir and I
will introduce you to love in class for
have pictures that have too much class
today we will see how
switch from automatic mode to
opening up there now when we
talk about openness have referred to
the size of the lens diaphragm or
holds the most stylish the diaphragm and
a mechanical device inside
of the goal that he lets pass more
or less light by modulating the
diameter of a trunk now as well
plus the diaphragm and open
the light signal that goes into
the goal and conversely plus it allows
- subsidiary light
to quantify the opening game will speak
of this top to describe loose eps
numbers the more the number is small and
the bigger the opening is the bigger the name
is big plus the opening is small
so an opening of f18 corresponds to
a large diaphragm aperture and
for a small opening
we can adjust his camera on a
opening of f 22a and big but
concretely what is the word for?
opening the opening of the diaphragm
influences the depth of field while
simply depth of the short the
depth of field corresponds to the area
which will be sharp on your posts there
I'm going to take a picture with a
shallow depth of field and there I go
to take another one with a big
depth of field not
so if you want to have a back
plan blur it will adjust your
device on a large opening
this will highlight your
subject by isolating it from the rest of his
environment
and if instead you want to have the
maximum of things net
you will have to set the opening on a
high number like f-16 like that could
take pictures of group and
attention landscapes in situation of
low light
if you close the aperture too you
may not have enough light
to have a sharp picture this is due to
the shutter speed of the camera
but we 'll see that in a next
episode
in the meantime you can train
with chisel aperture priority mode
depending on the subject you want
photograph try for example from
to make a portrait with a larger
possible opening and a landscape with
a small opening
do not forget the photo it's not for
him
as I'm planted on tech so before
the end of the text
who knows each other and do not forget the
fault on the 16th I still have no one slaughtered
by amso clips is rich it's up to
to say that's the goal
mayaki fric you will need to adjust your
second shutter speed device
high